two um small gray beings came into my room and um
woke me up and said, "Come outside." And I put on
um these steel toe boots I had by the bed and went
outside with them and there was a UFO hovering at
a very low altitude over the backyard. I woke up
and I knew that I had had an implant in my toe.
The aliens had been there in the middle of the
night and I had one more on the side of my head,
too. Wow. We found the object and we took it
out. that looked like nothing that I had ever
removed before. If you can just feel my hair
right there. You see that? There's Oh, yeah.
There's something in his ear. The magnet sticks
to my ear. Wa wa. Some of my favorite interviews
have been these guys. They have implants. You
know, they're close encounters of the third kind,
type two abductions. I go in for the post
operation meeting with the doctor and he said,
"I found something in your right nostril that was
so hard I almost couldn't break through it." How
many people do you think are walking around with
alien implants inside of them? 350,000 people.
These people are way too powerful to fight and
they're experts at mind control. They can make
you do anything they want you to do willingly. The
beings that implanted you is that good or bad or m
Ignition sequence start. How is this
possible? Nothing too unusual about
that. Their existence can no longer be denied.
We've talked a bit about longevity and life
extension on this show. extending your tieumirs,
metabolic optimization, and the throughine is
always the same. Most of what determines how
long you live comes down to really basic stuff,
not these more exotic treatments. I think about
that sometimes when I realize it's 10:00 p.m. and
I haven't eaten all day because I was deep in prep
for the next episode, which is kind of the story
of my life since I moved to Austin. Occasionally,
I'll be so deep in work that I'll forget to
eat and then I end up demolishing whatever's
closest at midnight. Guys, this solution
is amazing. It's a gamecher for anyone
who's busy. Meals show up ready to
go. You heat them up in two minutes,
and they're actually made with real food. Lean
proteins, whole ingredients, no seed oils,
no refined sugar. Over 100 options that rotate
weekly. I've been doing it for a bit now,
and it is embarrassingly simple. I'm not a
great chef. I don't like overspending every day
on delivery. I really don't know why I waited so
long for this. Head to factormeals.com/alchemy50
off and use code alchemy50 off. That's alchemy50F
to get 50% off and free breakfast for a year.
The offer is only valid for new factor customers
doing an autorenewing subscription purchase. Do
yourself a favor now. Make healthier eating easy
with factor. Steve Coburn, I am so grateful that
you're here. This has been a long time coming.
I was just saying offset I've been trying to get
in touch with you for the last two or three years
maybe. I've followed your work. Uh it seems like
in UFO world. Uh we seem stuck on the existence
or non-existence of lights in the sky, right? And
there's a whole uh kind of history of research,
deep research from very credentialed people
uh discussing kind of you know deeper threads
if you will around close encounters of the third
kind abductions uh implants often being found in
these people's bodies. There's a legendary UFO
researcher named Dr. Roger Lear, who everybody
likes to pay homage to, and I view you as kind
of his living heir in many ways. Yeah, I guess
that's about right these days. I mean, nobody else
has uh taken up the uh the research and he taught
me everything he knows he knew. So, um I um would
very much like to um uh continue the research when
fun when funding becomes available. It's crazy
that funding should be uh completely available.
This is like the most interesting stuff, you
know. So, um uh let's just establish for the
audience who who is Dr. Roger Lear. He's known as
this, you know, sort of alien implant doctor. Who
what's his what was his background? How did he
get into this? Well, he was a podiatrist and uh
he was always interested in UFOs. He was um the
most knowledgeable euphologist I've ever met.
And um he um was at a UFO conference once and um
uh Daryl Sims tried to get him interested in alien
implants. He thought the subject was ridiculous
at first. Um then he finally said his uh one of
his friends convinced him to take another look
at it. So he said um uh to uh Darl um well you
know uh get some of these people down here to my
office and we'll get them x-rayed and uh take the
object out and see what it is. And so that's how
the research started. And he ended up taking out
17 objects from 17 different people over about
a a 20-year period. We found the object uh the
first one and we took it out. Uh it looked like
nothing that I had ever removed before in a way
of a foreign body. And believe me, I had removed
all sorts of things from even a hair to paper to
uh metals of various kind and so on. Never saw
anything like this. It was a a T-shaped affair
that was wrapped in a very tight biological tissue
which was this really strange color and texture.
And then we took a scalpel and we wanted to see
what was inside. That's the idea of the whole
thing. And we were amazed to find that we couldn't
cut through this biological tissue. It came back
uh with absolutely no inflammatory response. Now,
that really makes you want to scratch your head
because how do you get something into the human
body and not have the body react to it? Well,
that just doesn't happen. Uh maybe there's some
weirded out explanation that I didn't understand
from one site. Uh maybe uh two sites, but
three sites uh from two different people
uh that's just a little too much to handle. And
where was he based? Uh I found out that Dr. Leer
was working in Thousand Oaks when I was working
in Camo, California, only a few miles away. And
um I um uh had some a weird experience uh where
uh I saw these giant raccoons in my backyard and
uh when I was at the house alone one night and
um I fed the animals and observed them for some
time and there were um about between 75 and 100
lbs I'd estimate. I didn't even know raccoons
got that big. And evidently there were scout
animals for the aliens because I went to bed
and woke up about 8:00 the next morning and um
had a sting a bad stinging pain in my toe and
uh I had reason to believe it was some kind of an
implant and so I went to see Dr. earlier and um I
don't think he believed me at first, but he gave
me a prescription to get the uh toe x-rayed. And
um I knew we were going to see something on
the x-ray, but when I did, that changed my life
forever. It looked like a bent piece of wire on
the x-ray. And um um I didn't remember um getting
any shrapnel in there or anything like that. So it
was um quite an experience. Then um he got funding
from Haime Masan to uh to remove it a few months
later and um he didn't have anybody to analyze it.
So um where I was working at the time I had I had
access to a lot of analyt analytical equipment. So
um I analyzed it for him and it turned out to
be a sophisticated nanotechnological device.
Uh have you read my paper on that implant? I have
not. Let's let's hear about it. Um well, it um it
turned out to have very um skewed isotopic ratios
and several elements that were in the metallic
core and um to the extent that it looked like it
probably came from another part of the galaxy,
not just another planet. And um but how how can
you know that from the isotope ratios? Well,
because um the isotope ratios are characteristic
um of um elements from different places and
um if um they're off by more than a percent or
so um that means it's from it's not from from
Earth. Um these were off by up to like 30%. What
were the elements and what were the isotopes? Um
uh the first one I think it was boron uh boron
and copper and um there were there were um uh
similar results from other implants I analyzed and
um anyway the the structure of the device was um a
gray hard to cut membrane um and below that a um
a layer of uh material that was similar to bone
like a biological hard part like bone or mother of
pearl. Then below that a um metallic core with um
uh made of meteoric iron with carbon nanot
tubes inside the metal and um nerve cells
connected to the device. Um the pain in my toe
got worse over a period of days and um um led to
um a lot of uh electric shock type pain whenever
I put any weight on the toe. Um and um I think
that was the nerve cells growing in the device. Um
these devices also produce no um uh physiological
reaction in the body and that's unheard of.
Foreign objects always produce a physiological
response. So there's no immune response. No
immune response, right? Really interesting. And
could these elements and isotopes theoretically
have been uh produced in some sort of centrifuge?
You could, but uh in order to produce those exact
ratios, it would probably cost millions of dollars
and be very difficult to do. So the question is
why? And why would anybody do that? Why would
anybody do that? Um do you remember undergoing
some sort of alien abduction experience prior to
that being I didn't remember it consciously, but
I underwent regressive hypnosis and remembered
uh aliens putting in the device. Yeah. What was
that experience like? Um well they um two um uh
gray small gray beings uh came into my room and um
woke me up and said come outside. And I put on um
uh these steeltoe boots I had by the bed and went
outside with them and there was a UFO hovering at
a very low altitude over the backyard over this
avocado tree I had at the Fillmore house. And
um they um uh indicated that I should stand below
the center of the center of the craft and um took
me up with a tractor beam. And Star Trek got it
right, by the way. It's like a blue or greenish
uh uh beam that lifts things, a gravity beam.
And um the center of the craft, it was about
50 ft in diameter. Um similar to Lazar's sport
model, uh if you're familiar with that. Oh yeah.
And um uh the center of the device or craft was
an airlock um that had uh human and alien space
suits available and there were four doors leading
to the to the four quadrants of the craft. Then
there was a habitation ring around the outside
and u a pilot station with uh two pilots and
um uh appear to be thought controlled. They had
their hands in a panel and on top of a panel and
uh screens where they where they were observing
different things. And um they took me around to
um the station at 90° to the pilot station. And
there was a a a couch that slid out of the wall.
And they indicated this guy indicated me for me
to lie down. And um uh it was a a taller gray. And
um he took out a device that looked like um a
black plastic handle with um a piece of 1/4 in
uh stainless steel tubing on it and touched it to
my toe and um pushed a button and that must have
put the implant in and um um there were uh fiber
optics going down the uh the center of this piece
of tubing and I think that's what activates the
device UV light and I think that's what accounts
for Um these red marks you see on experiencers
too. I think they're mini sunburns from UV light.
Interesting. And so how long were you up there
for? Um about an hour. Um they waited for a long
time for orders I think before actually putting
in the device cuz I think because they knew it'
start an investigation. They weren't sure they
wanted that cuz a bunch of weird stuff had been
happening previously. And um um where were you
living at the time? Uh Filillmore, California.
Okay. Filmore. And was this during that night or
Yeah, it was a night about 3:00 in the morning.
They usually come about 2 or 3 in the morning. Um
and um so finally after about being up for about
45 minutes, I go like guys, you know, I'm tired.
If you if you're not going to do anything, then
uh let me go back to bed. And so they they put the
device in at that point and that didn't take very
long once they decided to make up their minds. Are
you communicating telepathically with them? Yes,
it's telepathically. Yeah. Okay. Do you see any
symbols around the craft? Yeah, there were some
some symbols look like hieroglyphics on labeling
the instruments on the pilot station and uh on
some of the walls. Um they had a believe they had
a vector symbol, a blue vector symbol on the wall,
a pretty big uh symbol and it had two dots circles
below it. And um their uniforms are usually cobalt
blue and have um either a um a snake with a uh
a snake over a triangle or um three uh orange
circles arranged in an equilateral triangle. And
um I'm led to believe that um the three um orange
circles arranged in an equilateral triangle is the
symbol of the gray alliance. The the uh grays are
not one species. There are like several I believe
seven different species of similar aliens that
um are bound by treaty and come within come
to us from planets within 100 light years of
here. Where how are you getting that? Uh I believe
they told me. Oh, they told you that. And uh what
else did they tell you? Uh a lot of stuff about
physics and um propulsion. Most of which I can't
remember consciously. Do you remember anything
about the physics and propulsion? Uh yeah. Yeah.
Um they use a combination of or several methods
to create anti-gravity and they they definitely
have anti-gravity drives and um they use uh like
three different methods to create um anti-gravity.
Do you remember the methods? Yeah, one of one is
is a home polar generator. Um if you take a disc,
the basic homopolar generator is a disc uh uh
metallic disc rotating uh in a perpendicular
magnetic field and it creates a voltage between
the the center and the outside of the disc. And um
the aliens use a version of that u to create most
of their lift where um they uh circulate molten
metal around the outside of the craft that's
magnetic uh from uh analyzing samples of the
material that were dropped. I think it's usually
a a mixture of um iron and silicon. the silicon's
probably in there to lower the melting point. And
um there's a strong magnetic field um between the
top and bottom of the craft. That's why uh the
um uh that's why equipment like uh car electrical
systems goes out when a UFO is near because of the
very strong magnetic field. And um they also um
use a method um called the bofield brown effect
to generate lift where um you rapidly charge
a capacitor um and and there's a thrust in the
direction of the positive pole and the on a lot
of these things the entire craft is a capacitor
between the top and bottom um the top and bottom
uh of the craft are like plates of a capacitor. So
they told you they use the biffield brown effect
these aliens. Yeah, that's really interesting.
And um uh they according to Bob Lazar,
they didn't I don't remember him telling me this,
but according to Bob Lazar, they also use element
115 sometimes to amplify the the gravitational
effect. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. I'm I'm
obsessed with Towns and Brown. So I that gets me
excited. The fact that there's some, you know,
corroboration from an experiencer that, you know,
maybe that that is how the craft actually works.
Many institutions and people have tried to either
downplay or falsify Brown's experiments. For
example, in 1990, the Air Force tested a Biffield
Brown experiment in a vacuum, but they only used
19 kovts instead of the mega voltage Brown was
using. But in 1956, Jacqu Cornion, a French Air
Force officer and technical representative for one
of France's largest aircraft companies, sued west,
facilitated Brown's experiments in a vacuum in
the Montgier facility in Paris. The test very very
tricky. It was sensitive to so so many things in
finally it worked. So that was a positive result.
Did they say anything else? So, they're giving you
all this insight into the into the physics. Uh,
they talked about time travel quite a bit. Um,
and the physics of that. What did they say? They
said that um that they have time travel. They
don't like to use it very much because um and
especially don't like to do long jumps because
you could um if you travel back in time too far,
you could get back get on a different timeline
and it would be difficult to get back to your
own. Uh that's the main reason. Um there's um the
many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics is
um is uh generally correct except that um uh minor
decisions I'm not sure how the universe decides
what's a minor decision and what's a major one
but um minor uh decisions in quantum mechanics
uh where something happens on a subatomic scale
um most of those uh just collapse on themselves
and don't become a separate timeline but some
do So this is this idea that the wave function
doesn't actually collapse. It sort of infinitely
branches. But you're saying that in certain cases,
it's a combination. Some some most of them
collapse, but some of them continue on and
become a different timeline. Makes rough sense.
That's interesting. Yeah. And then the the ones
that do continue on are as real as this one. And
um if you go back uh too far and then try to go
forward again, there's a chance you might end
up on one of those branch points. Yeah. Yeah,
cross one of the branch points and end up at
a different timeline. Did they connect the,
you know, quote unquote anti-gravity with the
time travel? Because Biffield Brown effect and
Towns and Brown himself is very interested in time
travel because of the relationship between gravity
and time and general relativity. Well, the way
they move faster than light is that they they use
the anti-gravity drive to open up a wormhole. And
um I'm not sure how they um they choose where the
other opening of the wormhole is, but they they
can do that somehow. And then they'll go through
it and go a few million kilometers before the
wormhole collapses. Wormholes are unstable. And
um they can do the same thing with time. They just
open up a wormhole in a different time where the
the opening isn't in a different time they want to
visit. And the other reason they don't like to use
time travel too much is because um it's difficult
to judge exactly when you're going to come out to
the second like they like to do. Yeah. Well,
that seems to be the case. And you have like
Travis Walton dropped off near where he was picked
up, but not it's usually not like very precise and
there's like sort of missing time involved. So
yeah. Yeah. In Dr. in um Travis Walton's case,
Dr. Leer thinks he or he was dead and they brought
him back to life. Whoa. Why does Roger Leer think
that? A lot of the people I talk to on this
show, whistleblowers, intelligence insiders,
people who've worked on classified programs,
they all say the same thing when it comes to
protecting your cyber security. They often comment
on the fact that ordinary people basically have no
privacy when they're online. Your internet service
provider logs everything you do. In the US,
they can legally sell your browsing history to
ad companies. And if you're on public Wi-Fi,
someone with basic computer knowledge
can see your emails, your passwords,
and your credit card details. And it's all the
more important to think about these things when
you're googling stuff like UFO crash retrieval
programs, Freedom of Information Act, databases,
and reaching out to sources who need discretion.
That's not stuff anyone wants sitting on some
data broker server. In my opinion, one of the best
ways to lock everything down is with ExpressVPN.
One click and your connection is encrypted. Your
IP is masked. It's not just a VPN anymore. You now
get a password manager, email aliases that hide
your real inbox, and full identity protection
with dark web monitoring and up to a million
dollar in theft insurance. That's right, up to
a million dollars in theft insurance, all included
for the same price. Find out how you can get up
to four extra months by clicking the link in the
description below. ExpressVPN.com/ameanalchemy.
Don't put it off because um Travis was thrown
like 20 ft by um either a weapon or getting a
shock from the electric field around the craft.
And um he um wasn't moving uh when he was flying
through the air or when he landed on the ground.
And um all the people in his logging crew thought
he was dead. That is definitely true. Did any of
these beings uh tell you why they were doing what
they were doing to you? Did they give you any sort
of sense as to why they would implant your toe of
all places? Um that it was a medical monitoring
device is my understanding uh to or monitor things
like blood sugar and body temperature and things
like that. Why why you is it just like this thing
that they it's like if we go to the zoo we tag
the animals sort of thing or what do you what do
you think? Uh it's kind of like that except that
um it's they do this to to only bloodlines that
they're interested in and um they have an MMO
where they um they um uh genetically they they
abduct pregnant women from bloodlines they're
interested in and genetic genetically modify
the fetus. What determines which bloodlines they
might be interested in? I'm not sure. That would
be a closely guarded secret on their side, but
um mainly they're interested in uh in Germanic,
uh Celtic, and Native American people. There are
exceptions, but um they're looking for some sort
of uh genetic combination that those particular
races have in more abundance. Fascinating. Okay,
so you have this. Anything Anything else, by the
way? I always I feel like with experiences I'm
always like damn I should have asked that one more
thing about like what the what the being said. Was
there anything else you can recall um but them
telling me? Yeah. Anything they told you? Well,
the part about them um uh being an alliance of
seven different races coming from planets within
100 light years of um I remember that uh pretty
distinctly. Oh, and they also told me that um that
the Earth is a very important planet to a lot of
races and that um planets that have some life are
pretty common, but um planets that are teameming
with life like this are are not common at all.
He said there's only four or five like it in the
galaxy. And um so they want to preserve uh life on
the planet and uh they are worried we're going to
screw it up. Yeah, that seems to be a common theme
uh among experiencers as far as what gets relayed.
Oh, and they told me that there's there's pyramids
all over the galaxy. They're evidently um uh power
sources and sources of healing rather than tombs.
You know, it's funny you say this. I feel like 20
years ago in conventional archaeological circles,
they would have said that that's totally quacky.
And now you have people like Christopher Dunn
who's, you know, I don't know if you're familiar
with this guy. He's like a former aerospace guy
coming out saying, you know, that uh it looks
like the pyramid is some sort of power plant.
And now we actually have synthetic aperture radar
scans underneath the pyramids that where it looks
like there might be these sort of coiling uh
uh columns, these these hollow tubes that go
down possibly a kilometer deep. Mhm. So you have
increasing speculation. We know that there have
never been any tombs found in these structures.
Yeah. And we were just talking earlier that below
Danderea, you actually have hieroglyphics that
translate to Stargate. The Egyptians talk about
Stargates. Do they do go to uh where is it? Um
Danderea. There's actually a couple places the
literal translation. You can read it on the walls.
I always show people when we go there. Uh it is
there are two or three depictions of Stargates.
That is the literal translation for it. We know
there are actually little chambers where a human
could probably lie in and you know some of these
I think in the great pyramid. Yeah. That that
uh sarcophagus they called it in in the queen's
chamber. It's probably a healing device. Yeah.
Um I have a theory where um gravity is not a a
uh pulling force but a pushing force. It's um if
you're accelerating through space you experience
inertia. If space is accelerating towards you,
you experience gravity and um uh 0 point energy
is turned into real energy in the cores of planets
and stars and that creates a partial vacuum in the
ether that um that causes the ether to accelerate
towards that gravitating body and um that creates
gravity. So you I mean this is there's so many
different threads I want to Yeah. It's like the
um you know the the movie uh Stargate literally
with Kurt Russell you know the Air Force actually
consulted on that. Yeah. And it's like that it's
this portal or something and then it would explain
the astronomical alignment the idea that all
the ancient civilizations thought that the souls
actually the soul moved through Orion's belt which
it seems you know aligned with. Um but there are
some interesting questions I I feel like I have
to press on that arise from what you just said.
the ether, you know, they say was disproved
in the 1890s with the Michaelelsson Moley
experiment. It wasn't it wasn't disproved. Even
Einstein said in his later lectures that um there
could be an ether, although it would have to be
multi-dimensional and have uh strange properties.
Well, that's that's that's the case. I mean the
ether um I I believe they told me this too but
other people have come up with this theory that
um that uh the ether is composed of tiny particles
that are um on the order of the plunk mass and
the plon dimensions. They're like 10 to the 20th
times smaller than an atomic nucleus. And they
they have a magnetic and electric dipole moment
and interact with each other much more strongly
than they interact with uh ordinary matter. And
um matter going through it without accelerating
um does not experience a force because it acts
like a super fluid. But when it's accelerating
there's a there's an electromagnetic drag force
that they call the people that people that uh
believe in this theory call the rindler flux.
um which uh causes inertia and um um uh you can
actually derive Newton's second law by assuming
a spatial structure of that nature. Interesting.
Yeah. Whoa. Who's like developed this theory? I
several several physicists I don't recall their
names off hand but I can look it up for you. Yeah.
Yeah. I'd love to. Yeah. No, you're right that
um later Einstein said general relativity is not
actually incompatible with the ether. So that is
an important and then I would also say about the
michaelelsson mory experiment you know the absence
of evidence is not the evidence of absence. Yeah
and so we we we just don't know you know but I
do think yeah that's this kind of hotly debated
contested thing. So it's a very interesting
theory. But in the Michael Marley experiment, the
ether is probably being dragged by the instrument
itself that might account for the results of no uh
observable um uh ether movement. But um there was
another guy named Milikin, I believe his name was,
um that actually did come up with some positive
results for uh e motion through the ether. That's
interesting. I didn't know that about Robert.
Robert Milikin was at Caltech and Towns and Brown
actually studied under him and uh then they kind
of got into it cuz Milikin didn't really believe
in Brown's stuff. Ironically, Brown believed
what you said which is that gravity is more
of a push than a pull. And so you're saying cuz
Milikin did a lot of the experimental proving of
the Einstein's photoelectric effect from 1905.
Yeah. But I didn't know that he had something to
do with the ether and detecting the ether. That's
fascinating. Yeah. Yeah. He he he said he detected
it and he was a pretty highowered uh physicist.
Really? Yeah. Oh, wow. I He didn't detect it
directly, but he detected um Earth's motion
through the by an experiment on Mount Wilson,
I believe it was. Wow. Fascinating. Well,
I'll have to look into that. Um you know,
it's it's interesting. We t we take so many things
for granted that we've never detected like dark
matter and the but the ether is like completely
like we're not allowed to talk about. It's like
a dirty word or something. Yeah. I don't I don't
think I believe in dark matter after 50 years of
experimentation. There's no evidence for it
at all. So, and you don't you don't really
even need dark matter to explain the results.
The reason they they postulated dark matter in
the first place is because um the of the motion
of the galaxies um they they behave as though
um there's uh either either gravity is acting
as an inverse linear force at those distances or
um there's um a halo of of massive u
matter above and below the galaxy. Well,
um the um postulating that gravity is an inverse
linear force at those distances is actually a
simpler explanation than postulating some unknown
form of matter. Yeah, I think you're right because
dark I would bet against dark matter and dark
energy. The dark energy is not one of the four
fundamental forces. It's this sort of you know
just I think dark energy is the zero point energy.
That's what's causing the earth or the universe to
expand more rapidly rather than it's supposed to
be slowing down according to Einstein. But uh dark
energy aka um uh zero point energy is causing the
expansion to accelerate. It's fascinating. Quantum
vacuum fluctuations, right? Yeah. I mean, okay, we
could have a whole other discussion on physics. I
want to stick with the So, you you experience this
kind of profound thing. you end up with this, you
know, um, implant in your toe. So, you don't know
what's happened at that point because you haven't
gotten a hypnotic regression. Is that point? Yeah,
I I didn't know I didn't remember what happened.
I just I woke up and I knew that I had had an
implant in my toe. The aliens had been there in
the middle of the night and I had uh one in one
more on the side of my head, too. Really? You
had my my my head kind of hurt right there.
Whoa. And uh that shows up in a stud finder.
Okay. Wow. And then you get in touch with Roger
Lear. Yeah. And you emailed him. Um I just went
to his office. Okay. You just showed up. I just
made an appointment and and went over there and
and um told him I had a possible foreign object
in my toe and in the middle of the appointment,
I uh told him that uh it was a it was possible
alien implant or an abduction related. Excuse me.
I don't think he believed me at at first, but um
uh he gave me a prescription to get it x-rayed.
And um I he he said to give a copy of the film
to the patient and I definitely saw something on
the x-ray and that was wild. That is extremely
wild. What did it look like? Like I tell people
too that there's a heck of a difference between
uh strongly suspecting that something like this
is going on with you, which I had for years, and
knowing for sure. And proof like that, you know,
for sure. Yeah. Um what it looked like. It looked
like a piece of uh bent piece of wire on on the
X-ray. And it was um it was uh larger uh in real
life when we took it out than it looked on the
X-ray. Wild. Okay. So you see this X-ray and then
do you have a hypnotic regression and you remember
the full experience with these alien beings? Yeah,
pretty much. Yeah. And is Roger Leer at that
point kind of bought into the extraterrestrial
or or other entity, nonhuman hypothesis? Yeah,
he was he was excited. Um he wanted me to come
over and check out my house and we found all
kinds of anomalies, anomalous magnetic fields,
um leaves and the uh the trunk of the avocado tree
had become magnetized. Um and uh in the kitchen
stainless steel knives had become magnetized
and the wood of the cabinets and all kinds
of stuff. Wood seems to be very susceptible to
magnetization by alien equipment. Interesting. I
think normally it wouldn't be right. Yeah, it's
either a magnetic monopole or magnetic fields
beyond a certain strength leave a a residue.
Um uh magnetic monopoles make a certain amount
of sense. It would be a um it would be ether that
had a magnetic charge to it that would be absorbed
into the material and it seems to uh decay away
over a period of several weeks. And how many uh
implants did Roger Lear remove? He removed
a total of I believe 17 from uh 17 different
people. Wow. And how many have you removed? Um I
I haven't removed any. I don't have a license to
to operate on. Okay. But you sort of look into
this stuff. I attend I attended the last three
removal surgeries including my own. Okay. Yeah.
And how many have you seen like firsthand? I've
seen probably six or seven. Wow. And uh does any
of part of you or does any part of you know from
your conversations with Roger Lear think that
this could have been human tech? Um no uh most
of them did not look look like human tech at all
to us and there was reason to believe that that
uh the materials came from uh not only from space
but from other part of our galaxy. But um we
did find or he did find one or two that looked
like human tech that looked like just standard
microchips. Wa. And so so such a crazy territory
to kind of operate in or think about. So you think
there are maybe a couple that represent I mean
what would those microchips have come from? Well,
the government's experimenting with implants too,
but they're they're much less sophisticated than
the ones the aliens use and they're much bigger.
Yeah. And and that would make sense. I mean the I
mean the Yeah. the government has had like sort of
mind control programs like you know MK Ultra sort
of stuff and they probably have used chips and
so but these things are they have so they have
isotope ratios that don't normally occur on earth
that would cost millions of dollars to create a
centrifuge um any other sort of abnormalities
or anomalies well I I noticed that uh in in
three of the implants that um had the isotopic
abnormalities the the heavier isotopes in those
elements were over represented. I I talked to
people who really did analyze the stuff from the
real deal stuff and it's super weird. It's like
heavy element um you know europium California
stuff. It's like in these atomic arrangements
that make like no sense. You know, this is through
X-ray defraction where they can image the shadows
of the atomic pairs and stuff and it's like why
is all these crazy heavy elements in this like
weird ceramic metal hole structure and it doesn't
we don't understand the emergent uh metamaterial
property. So it was either it's either either they
come from closer to the center of the galaxy
where there's heavier supernova and all these
heavy elements are created in supernova explosions
where there's a massive cascade of neutrons in one
part of the explosion u and rapid neutron capture
creates these uh elements heavier than iron and
um uh it's so it's either either that or the
elements had been exposed to a massive quantity of
u of neutrons. Um either way, it's very uh very
strange and most likely um way beyond human
technology. Yeah. And a lot of neutrons would be
outside the Van Allen radiation belt or something,
you know, a lot of or in a in a reactor or a
zeroplane energy uh uh uh energy generator also
the the no immune reaction. It's like neur you
think of Elon Musk as the tip of the spear with
technology and you know he had all these issues
with the you know electrode implants in people's
brains where there would be immune reactions even
to this day I believe Nolan Arba the first patient
I think might need some like tweaking after like
the first thing worked because of this sort of
immune reaction issue. Oh yeah Dr. clear told me
that um um any foreign object in the body produces
an im an immune reaction. Silicone produces the
least immune reaction of all substances known,
but even that produces a fair amount. Um as a
lot of women that got silicone breast implants
could testify. Mhm. But uh these produce none
whatsoever. It it's just very beyond strange.
Do you notice commonalities in behavioral
patterns changing from some of these patients? Um,
it's I I think there are some changes, but it's
they're hard to to notice. I know that when I had
uh my toe implant, it was like very subtle,
but it was like uh there was some sort of
a of a governor put in my thoughts or and I
felt more free once it was removed. It's it's
but it was very subtle. Wow. And um people
were telling me that I I didn't look well,
that I had a gray complexion or something when I
had the implant. Really? Yeah. So it affected you
in sort of a negative way apparently. Yeah. Why do
you think ah it's so strange. I ideally you know
the alien tech or whatever would you know be so so
you know if it's not creating an immune reaction
it wouldn't you know suppress your thoughts
in any sort of negative way. Oh maybe maybe
what they told me about it being a monitoring
device was just a cover story. Maybe they were
trying to produce some changes or something. It's
fascinating. But um they um um they definitely
um were were hesitant to put it in because they
know start an investigation and uh I I suspected
that that I was experiencer for years that had
missing time experiences and had no other way
to account for them. But um it's kind of easier to
be easy to be in denial if you don't have any real
concrete proof. It's a wild conversation for me
because you seem like a very smart guy and then
a lot of these things are just so so out there.
Do did um I mean I wouldn't even entertain I'm a
scientist. I wouldn't even entertain a lot of this
stuff if I didn't approve. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No,
it's you're you're backing up all your claims.
So, it's it's really amazing. Um Dr. Roger Lear,
did you find him to be, you know, fully kind of
bought into the kind of non-human hypothesis as
the origin for he was fully uh fully bought into
the um uh extraterrestrial hypothesis. Yeah. And
he it was 17 or 18 implants that he removed
to 17 I believe. Yeah. 17. And um and he had
no background in this. He was just a podiatrist.
And yeah, he thought it was ridiculous at first,
too. But um did he stumble upon a per like there
was one of his patients or something and he pulled
it out? He went to he went to um a convention I
think the UFO congress and um he met Daryl Sims
there who was um the original guy on the implants
and um uh he tried to convince Dr. Leer that it
was worth looking into and Dr. Lar said ah you're
full you're full of it and everything and a friend
another friend of Dr. uh convinced him to go
take another look. And he he went back and
told Sims that that um you know, if you can get
some patients out here that have these things,
um I'll X-ray them and take the object out if
it's there and we'll find out what it is. Did
Lear ever try to write an academic paper on
any of this stuff? Yeah, he he and I tried
to write a paper and we tried to publish it
in the Journal of Scientific Exploration and
um they um first they first they said they were
excited to have it. Then I think somebody got to
them and they said that um it was ridiculous. They
didn't want to publish it. And um we weren't even
saying it was alien. We just said it was an
unknown object recovered from from somebody's
uh somebody's leg. And um um they um they really
uh gave us a hard time about it. And um I I'm
I'm pretty sure that somebody told him not to
publish it. That's so crazy. It's like Yeah,
because it's funny. you you can go on chat GPT and
they say Roger Leer has no academically, you know,
uh peer-reviewed papers or whatever. It's like
you tried you we did try. And it's it's funny.
I think you always have to sanitize the results
and just say no, we found something anomalous
like we don't we don't we're not even jumping to
conclusions, but even then sometimes there's this
sort of antibbody rejection of a lot of these
findings. There's a a friend of mine, Beatatric
Voriel. She's a an astronomer um from Stockholm
University. Um and she's PhD out there. And she
uh basically from the the Palomar Observatory
uh which was you know one of the most prominent
uh you know observatories in use in the in the 40s
and 50s. Uh she noticed all sorts of uh these what
look like essentially UFO like objects. these
these light reflecting objects that look like
kind of mirrors in orbit. In orbit. Yeah. Yeah. In
geo. Yeah. They they they recruited Clyde Tomba,
the discoverer of Pluto, to investigate those,
too. That's fascinating. So, there's a history of
looking into these geocynchronous uh uh objects
that seem to exist in the the the the tens of
thousands. And he wrote he wrote an article, Tom
Bar wrote an article saying that Earth had um some
smaller moons orbiting at about 500 miles up.
And um I know from my own experiences that that
gay mother ships orbited about that altitude. Then
they launch the smaller UFOs that actually go out
and sort abduct people and such. So fascinating
because the other the other thing is, you know, I
go back and forth on the moon landing stuff where
I if I'm if I'm debating with the skeptic on the
moon landing, it's like I'm I'm extremely open to
us having actually landed on the moon, but there
something's off about the whole story. Something
is off. Well, they're they're concealing a lot.
There's a lot up there they don't want people to
see that. So, it's like maybe they saw something
along the way, you know. And um interesting uh
that you mentioned the moon stuff. Um I found out
um that um Apollo 13 may not have failed by a
mechanical problem. It may have been zapped by the
aliens because they may have had a nuclear warhead
on board. What? Yeah. How did you find that out?
Well, I I I I can't prove it, but it was the next
logical step in their seismic uh program where um
Apollo 11 put a seismograph on the moon and so did
Apollo 12 and it rang like a bell. On Apollo 12,
they crashed the ascend stage of the lunar module
into the moon and it rang like a bell for hours.
Then um uh on Apollo 13 when they were approaching
the moon, they they crashed the third stage of the
Saturn 5 into the moon and made a bigger bang
and rang like a bell for even longer. And um so
if Apollo 13 had landed on the moon, they would
have had three seismographs and would been able
to probably map the interior of the moon a little
bit um uh with the seismic waves that would be
generated by another event. And the the next
logical step would have been to um put a remote
detonated small nuclear device on the moon and
detonated after the astronauts leave. Jesus. So,
but you you're just hypothesizing that you have no
evidence that I have I have no real evidence, but
one thing that made me really suspicious that this
might be true is that um I remember when I was a
kid uh following this mission and um uh when the
lunar module was coming back to Earth, the uh atom
the atomic energy commission was just going ape
over this and they wanted the lunar module um uh
put on a trajectory that would put it into a deep
ocean trench. And their level of concern was they
they said it was because it had a radioisotope
thermmoelectric generator on board, but their
their level of concern was a lot more consistent
with it being a warhead. WA That's fascinating. So
they were that freaked out. Yeah, they even though
it might endanger the astronauts lives to do that,
they wanted that thing crashed into a deep ocean
trench. And uh they've had RTGs on spacecraft
before that have re-entered that they weren't that
concerned about. Um it's really interesting. Yeah,
it's funny. You know, there's a actually an Air
Force project that's documented called Project
A119, and it was literally to nuke the moon as a
show of force against the Soviets. And Carl Sean
actually had a temporary clearance. Remember
that it's a look to look into doing this. So,
we know that in the late 50s, obviously before the
Saturn and Apollo projects, that this was being
considered. So, who knows? I mean, you might be
right, man. It's really interesting. Well, I know
that I know that if um if there were no aliens
on the moon or anything else like that to worry
about, I think I think the grays own the moon, by
the way, and they told us not to come back without
permission. Anyway, and uh that's You think they
said don't come back without permission? Well,
Armstrong Arm Armstrong was overheard at a party
saying that. Really? What party? Uh some party
in Washington DC with big wigs and several people
said that that he said that. But and he said that
the grays said that's hearsay, but the grays
said, "Don't come back." Yeah. Until we give
you permission. Something to that effect. Any
other details there? Um uh well um some people at
NA some whistleblowers at NASA said that um that
he was on a private channel after landing on the
moon. um and um said that uh that uh a spacecraft
landed on the moon right after they did a few mile
a couple miles away and were watching him and um
um it was probably the same one that they said
they saw following him. Um uh the the whole
uh Apollo 11 crew um said a few years ago on
on television that u that there was some object
following him to the moon that they thought it
was the third stage of their of their booster at
first, but NASA confirmed that it that that the
booster was like 700 miles away. And this this
object was maybe only about 5 or 10 miles from
them. Jesus Christ. And you have you definitely
have documented audio from the Gemini missions of
them. And then there's a literally like they're
freaking out about um UFOs. There's an outage,
you know, showing some sort of electromagnetic
anomaly present. And then in the they have this
um book actually, the Simpkinson uh textbook that
shout out to my buddy Chris Ramsay from the great
show Area 52. He uh made me aware of this book
where this UFO is like airbrushed into the photo
for the Gemini 11 mission where it's this like
kind of tongue-in-cheek joke if you're, you know,
this is official NASA archivist airbrushed this
UFO which looks like the best UFO photo ever.
Well, the astronauts used to admit to it long ago
before the security was that tight. And um um and
um I think they were seeing these things uh almost
every mission in the early days. So wild. How many
people do you think are walking around with alien
implants inside of them? Well, the people that
they implant uh they they've they've abducted
about 3% of the American population according
to Dr. L. I think that's about right. It's
between probably between three and 5% that
take samples. What is he basing that off of? Is
this like sort of a census style like his own
his own research and extrapolation? Okay. And um
uh based on what I have seen um most uh most what
I call class 2 experiencers that are actually
at at the next level part of the alien program
um have implants, but the the first class where
they just take samples from do not generally.
And um uh about um I would say very roughly about
one in a thousand people are class 2 experiencers
in this in this country. And it's might be similar
worldwide. I'm not sure. Um so if that's the case
then say there's 350 million people in the u in
the US. Uh that that would be about uh 350,000
people. It's a lot of people walking around with
implants. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. That's like 10
10 to 15 million for experiencers overall and then
class 2 experiencers who get the implants around a
few hundred thousand. And it's standard procedure
for for them to put a brain implant into class 2
experiencers that enables them to um access your
sensory information to uh see what you're seeing
and hear what you're hearing and probably hear
what you're thinking in real time. So you're like
an almost an avatar or something like they're
you're this perceptual like drone for them or
something. It turns you into a walking bug and it
and it connects you to the gray hive of mind. They
told me that too. And uh all all individuals in
their society are connected to a high mind kind
of like the Borg on Star Trek but they have
a little bit more individuality than that.
And um um every experience they have is recorded.
And um um uh they um so if if all these people are
implanted um then they presumably only put um the
brain implants into people that they can get some
good information from. So being that that's the
case, they probably know everything that's going
on in the society. M we have Eric Mitchell here
who um we did an amazing show with yesterday and
he's you know what you might call kind of a super
experiencer. You guys are friends. You found a
few different implants and Eric is that is that
right or I don't remember what the results were
off hand. Um my records got stolen recently but
um I'd like to do the the exam again but yeah I
saw some indications of implants and and Eric and
uh we found some dies on them recently. the alien
dies. We haven't talked about that yet. So before
we get to the dyes, the implants, what are what
are we calling indicators of implants? Um well, I
have a protocol that um uh is uh mostly Dr. Leer's
protocol that he that he turned me on to and um
you um first uh inspect the patient with a um a
stud finder, a small metal detector that detects
conductive objects into the skin and concentrate
on any any areas of concern first. um where they
think they might have an implant from anything
they remember um or any symptoms they might have
had. And um um if if you record the areas where
you get stud finder hits, then you go over uh the
person with um a G meter a sensitive magnetometer.
And if you get if you get an area that has a
stud finder and a g meter hit, um that's almost
certainly an implant because these these implants
uh almost always have magnetic fields. So have you
had a stud finder and uh magnetometer, you know,
the scouse finder uh hit for Eric? I think we had
I think we had two recall. Eric, do you remember
where exactly they detected one of these implants?
uh back to my neck um my arm and Dr. Lear uh he
thought maybe there wip might be one in my knee.
It was like a weak signal. So he sent me a 100 lb
neodymium magnet which uh I should have been very
careful opening that box a little more careful
like uh you know it was like a cartoon. There was
probably dangerous. Yeah, it was dangerous. Um,
but he wanted me to u hold it to my knee maybe 10
minutes a day, you know, watching TV or something
like that, put it back in the bubble wrap,
make sure it's safe, and then pull it back out
the next night and keep doing that. And he didn't
think that it would pull uh it to the surface.
He he theorized that it would create like an eddy
bubble, an eddy effect to kind of loosen it from
the tissue and bring it, you know, to the surface,
which actually worked. And so do you have any uh
like incisions or marks or like you know any sort
of raised skin where either of these implants are
or Okay. Have you removed anything? No. Okay. No.
Two weeks before I was supposed to meet with Dr.
Roger there uh in um uh Eureka Springs, Arkansas,
he uh unfortunately passed away. Um yeah, the
um the portals of entry with these implants
u uh heal incredibly fast. Um mine healed within
hours. So Whoa. You um yeah, you're not going
to find anything like that. How many implants do
you have like photo evidence of? Um six or seven,
I think. Could you send some of those over?
It'd be cool to show them to the audience in
post-production. Sure. Yeah. Sweet. Thank you. And
um yeah. So what are you working on now? What is
what is is it Neutron Nano Star Tech? Yeah, I have
a company called Neutron Star Technologies and um
uh Neutron Star Nano Technologies as like a
spin-off of that and um I've been um um just
um trying to get that funded and um utilize some
of the carbon nano tube knowledge I have to maybe
produce some products and I've been doing
scans on uh experiencers. Cool. And um I've
done probably 400 scans on on people and uh so of
those 400 scans, how many produce a hit. Um well,
it's a pre-selected audience. So um probably
about half. About half. W. Yeah. Interesting.
And at this point, are you sort of you're known
as like, you know, Roger Lear's, you know,
living apprentice and so people hit you up? Yeah.
Interesting. Okay. So fascinating. What what how
old were you when you had your experience? Uh
I remember having experience at age five where
um I think that's when they put the brain implant
in where I remember um um waking up uh before
dawn and seeing a a bright yellow um lit up UFO um
disshaped UFO hovering over my parents house. And
um then I I watched it for a couple of minutes
and blacked out. Then uh woke up about uh 8:00
in the morning and the sun was up and um I um
had blood all down the front of me and uh had
a vague memory of somebody putting something up
something something up my nose. Jesus. And this
was so this was age five. This is well before the
toe experience. Yeah. And where are you living at
the time? Oxnard, California. Okay. What did your
parents do? Um not much. They just uh saw he had
a nose bleed and that was wild. I mean, what did
they do professionally? My dad was a dentist um
and um was uh a colonel in the Army Reserve and uh
my my mother was uh his assistant at one point uh
and bookkeeper at one point and was housewife the
rest of the time. And they they did did they freak
out when they saw you with blood running down or
what was their reaction? Not really. I mean, um,
uh, my parents were, um, not the type that freaked
out about that sort of thing. Interesting. And
that might be, uh, because of alien conditioning.
I I would Did they have their own experiences? Uh,
my father admitted much later that uh, he had he'd
had dreams of being on board a UFO and he said he
said he saw a UFO uh, one time over um, central
California. wild as a cylindrical UFO with a red
light on the front he said as a as a um colonel in
the reserves. Did he have any sort of affiliation
with any possible reverse engineering programs
or like deeper spookier? I don't I don't I don't
think so, but I think there's a lot he he was uh
reluctant to tell me. And um he said he did call
um the um uh military uh the nearest military
airfield to where he had the sighting and
reported it. Yeah, it's fascinating. And so
Okay. So, wow. So, you're 5 years old. You
see this bright object. Do you remember vividly
being on that craft? No, you don't. Okay. So,
you just wait. I think they I think they came
down into my room to put it in that time. And
you have And you Where is the implant? It's It's
Or was it? It's It's in the brain. It's in the
frontal loes of the brain. And do you still have
it there or I'm sure I do. Wild. And um I've got
one above each ear apparently. Um uh I wasn't
sure about those. I saw them on X-ray barely,
but they're really really small. Wow. And but they
started giving off they started giving off radio
signals during a Japanese TV show I was I was uh
filming. Oh my god. How do I know they're there
now? What were you doing on Japanese TV? Um, they
wanted to interview somebody with implants. Wow.
And you since you had you're five years old and
you have blood all over and gee that's traumatic,
man. That's like a tough crazy thing to
go through. Well, uh, this experience is
pretty traumatic for a lot of people. Yeah. Um,
it's like there's certain advantages to it. Um,
u you get to fly in space. I mean, a lot of these
abductions are take place on great mother ships
in orbit. Yeah. Um and uh I remember I remember
seeing the earth from space uh being up there and
um but um you just have to take the the bad with
the good. I mean I I hate to tell people um this
but these people are way too powerful to fight.
Yeah. Um and they're experts at mind control.
They can make you do anything you want, anything
they want you to do willingly. Of the That's a I
don't even know how to answer to to talk about
that. In the in the 200 out of the 400 that you
personally found implants in. Um, do these people
have usually UFO experiences associated with the
implants or in certain cases are is it like
people coming into their room sort of thing?
Uh they usually remember um seeing UFOs and or
remember being on on board UFOs, but um it's both.
I mean, sometimes they come into your room and
uh do whatever they need to do, and other times
um they come and get you and take you up up to
orbit and if they want to do anything special or
whatever. Do you think at any point in time some
of the mind control stuff we discussed earlier uh
was like aliens were used as sort of some sort of
smoke screen for that? Like it was like uh there's
a book called uh controllers by a guy named Martin
Cannon and he talks about MK Ultra but then the
air MK often and how there are implants involved
in some of these things and how they would shade
people's experiences to make them think that they
were alien. And to be honest, it's kind of a slim,
poorly researched book that doesn't for me explain
everything neatly at all. But uh yeah, what's your
what's your take? I think that that may occur. I
think that MK Ultra might might do that sometimes,
but I think that the vast majority of the um
experiences people have are uh more or less
what happened and really are aliens. Um I I have
no doubt in in my mind that that the aliens are
here and they exist and there's more than one
species involved. Yeah. I mean there's so many
cases that I also encounter where I'm like you
just can't explain that with with you know human
prosic tech. I do find it interesting you were
at you were at UCLA in the 80s. Yeah. You know
who was head of the uh UCLA psychiatry department
at that time. Are you aware? Um I probably was but
guy named Jolly West. Did you ever interact with
him at all? No. No. He was like a head honcho in
the MK Ultra. Well, I'm not surprised. Um I
did used to work at the UCLA Neurosychiatric
Institute as a researcher for about 5 years.
Okay. Okay. I he probably had authority over
that uh that branch. I bet he might have. Yeah. I
don't know. But definitely a spooky not great guy.
I think he got in trouble for like dosing up an
elephant with ridiculous amount of LSD and then
the elephant died and he's on record uh there are
letters between him and Sydney Gotautle and he he
there's a great book called Chaos by a guy named
Tom O'Neal who's become a friend of mine and he
basically has this hypothesis that Charles
Manson was this MK Ultra patient and it's a
really crazy he may have been I think I think
that um that that guy that um shot uh Um um
John Lennon was uh Yeah. Yeah. MK Ultra guy. And
I think I think Syrian Syrian that shot Robert
Kennedy was too. I think so as well. Yeah. Yeah.
So that's this is a weird threat. But so there's
that stuff and then the Do you think what do you
think these the implants are doing when it comes
to the alien? You think it's just it's just
tagging? It's biometrics and and then maybe
there's some mind control stuff going on. It's
perceptual hacking. I I don't know. I don't know
all the details of of what they do. Um um they
keep that the aliens keep that mostly secret,
but I think some of them are medical monitoring
devices. Some of them are tracking devices. Um and
uh some are um the brain implants actually
enable them to uh hear and see what you're
hearing and seeing seeing in real time. Do does
um any of the structure that you've investigated
um kind of allow you to see what the functionality
might be like cuz you're you're looking into you
know nanotechnology so presumably this would use
nanotechnology. They do. Yeah. They're they're
sophisticated nanotechnological devices. Um most
of them have carbon nanot tube electronics built
into the metal and that's beyond our technology.
M um and uh there's strange structures I can show
you some of the electron microraphs u please and
um there's very strange structures that um would
be beyond our technology to form right now I'm not
sure what they do but I suspect that has something
to do with uh uh emitting the radio signals of a
lot of these people you encounter um is it usually
grays is it sometimes Nordics or reptilians
or some of these other sort of archetypes
Um I remember seeing um mostly different
types of grays um on board uh on board the
craft. The the real short worker type grays
and the the ones about 4 and 1/2 ft tall that
I call the scientist engineer types. And um
uh I have a handler that's one of those. And
um I think most most class 2 experiences have
a handler. What what when you say handler,
what does that mean? Um a contact person that that
is in charge of your case on board ship. Whoa. Um,
so a being. Yeah. Being. Yeah. And how do you
like are you still telepathically in touch with
that handler or something or uh I have reason to
believe I am. Yeah. I think he's hearing hearing
this whole conversation right now. Whoa. Um what's
up handler? And u uh they record um everything
that uh is experienced by every member of their
society and that includes class 2 experiencers.
Uh when you get the brain implant it connects
you to the great hive mind. Like I said, this is
wild. Does does any part of you think that humans
discovered, you know, there was this I think in
um early 2000s there was this concern of the like
runaway gray goo nanotech, you know, scenarios and
nanotech was all the rage in the early 2000s
and then it sort of like went away. And does
any part of you think that humans can do any of
this stuff like in deep black contexts? I think
that that nanotechnology is not that dangerous as
long as you don't design some uh some microp probe
that's self-replicating and but um yeah, that was
the Grey Goose scenario. Even if even if you did,
I'm not sure it would be all that dangerous. But
um I think what is dangerous is AI. If they ever
do develop true self-aware AI, I think that would
be extraordinarily dangerous. Yeah. Seems like the
aliens don't believe in it. So I think that's why
Yeah. They believe in computers, but they They're
controlled by um by minds. Do you think there
are good and bad factions of aliens or do you
think they're all good or all bad or No, I think
there's good and bad factions. Um the beings that
implanted you think good or bad or they're mainly
out for themselves. Um but they're not all they're
not scum sucking evil either. I mean, they they
they want um humanity to mature into a peaceful
more peaceful species and become members of the
Galactic Federation or whatever you want to call
it. And but they're mostly here to um mine the
Earth and the Moon and collect biological samples.
I mean, that that seems reasonable and not not
bad. Um what do you think of modern dis They don't
they don't care about the suffering they inflict
on people. That's that's one bad thing about them.
um they they everything is for the group with
them. They're they're a collective mind. Um they
don't care about individuals and they they just
care about what's best for the group. Why do you
think they care so much about nuclear? They seem
to show up. Some of my favorite interviews have
been these guys that are often in their 70s and
80s at this point. They worked at nuclear bases
all over the US and in certain cases they
board crafts, they have implants, you know,
they're close encounters of the third kind and
I guess what you're calling kind of type two,
you know, abductions or something. Yeah.
Um, yeah, I think a lot of lot of mil lot
of top military people are implanted and
keep the aliens keep tabs on them. But,
um, I think they don't want us having nukes
because, um, A, it makes us too powerful. B,
it, um, it has the great potential to screw up the
planet and, screw up a lot of their their plans
for this place. And C, um, it, uh, can damage the
planet's life force. reasonably believe there's
structures in the ether that um contribute to
life on this planet somehow and a nuclear blast
could disrupt that at least in the general area
where it was detonated. And they they said also
that it it screws up their communications and uh
leads to problems in other dimensions that they
didn't want to go into. Yeah. No, that that is
interesting about like they seem to show up at
nuclear disaster. Like there's this lit literally
this monk at this Shinto temple in uh Fukushima
and when they had their 2011 famous nuclear
spill due to the earthquake, he was like the
the UFO showed up and cleaned up the temple. They
were trying to alleviate the radiation. Exactly.
There's a Harvard PhD named Jensen Andre who
writes about basically a similar experience
in Chernobyl and they they measured this like
nuclear tower before and after. And so I think
it goes beyond just them not wanting us to
blow ourselves up. There's something about
the ambient electromagnetic radiation of just the
Earth that is this perfect kind of petri dish,
you know, biosphere. Yeah. Yeah, that
that makes sense. And and there's
um maybe the maybe the Earth is actually emitting
some of this, but there's there's structures
in the ether that are lifegiving and that might
even resurrect some extinct species at some point
in time. And nuclear blast could disrupt that
and radiation in general can disrupt that. And
um also the government's known for years um the
the aliens definitely have this technology and
the government's known for years that um you can
actually affect the decay rate of radioisotopes by
certain uh scalar electromagnetic waves. Um scalar
waves are are a special form of electromagnetic
radiation that has a different structure. It's a
more fundamental form of electromagnetic radiation
than the transverse waves they talk about in
the textbooks. And um it interacts with the
nuclei rather than the electrons and atoms like
transverse waves do. Explain what a scalar wave is
because scalar physics and scalar waves are often
thrown around in these super handwavy ways and
yet they're often used as terms you know extended
electronamic scalar waves by people who I really
respect in kind of aerospace world. So what's your
definition? It's they're trying to keep it secret,
but um enough has got out to know the basics. Um a
guy Dr. Tom Bearden talked about this a lot in his
books if you've read any of those. Yeah. And um
anyway, a scalar wave, a transverse wave, EM wave
is a um wave that um has the E and the B fields
perpendicular to each other and it moves in a
manner perpendicular to both. And um the E and the
B fields are in phase. In a scalar wave, um the
electric and magnetic fields are 90 degrees out
of phase. And um the magnetic field curves around
like that and the electric field um radiates as
if it's coming from a positive or negative charge
point. And um it uh it's like a sound wave in the
ether basically. Um and they can travel faster
than light. They're not restricted to light speed.
So I've heard similar things to that. And then the
two places I always get frustrated is I'm like,
have we ever measured a scalar wave? And usually
the answer like have we? Do you think we have? Uh
I think they have lots of times. And how would we
classified labs, but I I have reason to believe
that I haven't done the experiments yet. I'd
love to to get in the lab and do some, but um uh I
have some quantum reason I have reason to believe
that you that you can generate scalar waves with
standard radio equipment, but a different type of
antenna. M you'd use a a dome-shaped antenna, a
capacitive antenna with um say um say a plastic
dome with metal on both sides and you connect the
the electrodes of the u of the oscillator to um
each metal metal piece. Fascinating. Okay. And why
do you think that that design would allow you to
transmit scalar waves? Um uh towns and browns work
basically. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he had an asymmetric
capacitor where the negative electrode was larger
than the positive electrode. But I think basically
my sense is that the main thing is big electric
field differentials. If you create big electric
field differentials, then you can somehow harness
the quantum vacuum fluctuation stuff. Yeah,
high voltages work better with that. I have reason
to believe I I I wish I could uh I wish I had some
concrete proof for you, but um just reading all
this stuff that's available and thinking about it
a lot and put this together. Yeah. Um but yeah, I
think high voltages should work better for that.
Yeah, it's very interesting. Yeah, I mean high
voltages definitely correlate with high electric
field strength and then there are ways to amp up
the electric field strength kind of artificially.
Yeah. As well. But um so fascinating. So what are
you trying how do we advance on this topic now?
Is this are we just in the stone age when
we find these implants? Are we just like,
we think this works like XYZ, but we just have
no idea what we're kind of looking at or Well, I
think the next step is we have to do more research
um on the implants, excuse me, while they're
still in the body and um try to um u measure
exactly how much they're transmitting and um
uh try to decode some of the signals and uh after
they're removed from the body, I think we need to
um we need to try to connect the connect the um
there's uh carbon nanot tube bundles that are
like the main connections to the device. We should
try stimulating those with with uh uh different
voltages and see what happens uh under electron
microscope or or under microscopy in general. It
wouldn't have to be a EM for that I guess. Is
there anybody else systematically looking into
this besides you? No. And then the third thing
I would do is um use fast atom bombardment to
uh shave off uh uh the devices layer by layer
and um map the distribution of elements in each
layer and the distribution of carbon nanot tubes.
That would be fascinating. I mean if you could do
some atom by atom you know analysis that would
be also just groundbreaking because if if these
things are fabricated on the atomic layer and then
that's not something that we can do. Yeah. They
look like they're grown somehow. That's so wild.
Like they're like they're biological themselves
or something. Uh or or nanotechnological like
they look like they were grown by some sort of
mechanical life like the Transformers on the
the movies. Um uh that's a hand waving thing,
I guess, but that's the best I can do right now.
But um putting that putting a device like that so
complex together uh by uh standard methods would
be next to impossible I think. And um um the other
thing I wanted to say is that um when I first got
into this I thought the aliens are probably only a
few hundred years in advance of us technologically
but um now I think that uh it might be more like a
million years in advance of us. Why is that? Well,
I've se they they show off once in a while and and
um and uh show experiencers exactly how
far ahead of us they they really are. Um
um one incident uh that um really impressed
me um was that um they um zapped my car with
some kind of an energy weapon when I was um uh
going to Dr. builder's office to um uh film um
uh him um testing the implant while it was still
in the body. And um uh the mechanic said later
that the the computer in the car was fried like
it was exposed to EMP or something. And uh so I
had to walk like that they did it when uh I was in
this canyon didn't get any cell phone reception.
So I had to walk like 2 miles down the canyon to
get cell phone reception and call him. And um uh
he and the film crew showed up and and picked me
up and brought me to the office. And when we got
to the office, he goes, "Steve, come here. You got
to see this." And uh he'd pulled my X-ray out of a
stack of X-rays. And um um it was in a stack with
about 200 other X-rays. and um he showed it to me
and the lettering from the outside of the envelope
that the X-ray was in had somehow been transferred
to the developed X-ray film. What? Yeah. I'm not
even sure in theory how you could do that. So,
it's like root access to reality levels of
manipulation or something. Something like
that. Um and bizarre. Another time, um, my son and
I were, uh, driving to our old vacation place in
Bullhead City, Arizona, and we were on Highway
40, out in a remote area, and, um, I saw this,
uh, this bright white light hovering over this
valley about 5 or 10 miles away. And, and it
was really bright and I go, "Hey, look, Garrett,
there's a UFO." And he goes, "What? I don't He I
don't see anything." And I'm like, "How could you
not see that? It's like as bright as Venus and
um so I was tripping out on that and go well you
know and um then um a few miles down the road uh
he started seeing ones that I couldn't see. It's
like they can they can control who sees them uh
and who doesn't. And I don't know how they do that
either. Yeah. not not only signature management
but like unique sign signature management for the
person perceiving. Yeah, I have I have some some
uh theories about how they might manage to cloak
themselves in general by various methods. But
um what do you think it is? Selective selective
uh uh seeing like that sounds uh a little hard to
do. That seems really hard to do. Do you like the
access to our brains and they have access to the
signature management stuff. Do you think that
we have reverse engineering programs and crash
retrievalss and all? Oh, yeah. I think that's
all true. Yeah. Do you have any What's your like,
you know, highest conviction, hardest evidence on
that? Cuz you seem like an evidence-based person.
Um, well, I I analyzed some of the um the wreckage
from the San Augustine, New Mexico UFO crash and
analyzed a piece of um an alien uh orb or sphere
from that time got a hold of. And um was this
the Boougga sphere or No, not the Bugosphere, but
another one. The Boogas had different uh different
design, but um uh this one um was about about
this big round and it had um large um vaporized
from the looks of it um holes in the the north and
the south poles of the sphere. Um the the edges of
the holes had been damaged by tremendous heat.
And um uh Massan bought it from a farmer that um
uh farmed about 100 miles south of the US south of
the US border um near Brownsville, Texas on the uh
uh east coast of Mexico. And um he said that when
it crashed um it produced an explosion that killed
a cow 100 meters away. Wow. And um uh if if there
was a strong magnetic field around the craft,
which or or which I have reason to believe there
was um then um the collapse of the magnetic field
is what released the energy that that vaporized
the metal at the top and bottom. Why do you think
this whole topic it's like it attracts a few
really smart people like yourself and then you
have so much circumstantial evidence like an
abundance of circumstantial evidence and then
somehow it's like the one smoking gun that we
always want is slips through your fingers. And
I I'm talking about this as a person who's I'm
deeply my revealed preference is that I'm like
deeply interested in this topic. I think there's
a there there. I'm not a skeptic, but it's like
this like it's always like the hard drive goes
missing at the end. The photo is a little too
blurry for like the consensus to believe it. It's
so frustrating. It depends what you consider a
smoking gun. I think that these um extremely
um skewed isotopic ratios might be considered
a a smoking gun. And um the fact that um a lot
of these uh these pieces are nanotechnological
devices beyond our technology. And um like that
sphere was um a made of a titanium alloy that um
had carbon nano tubes also built into the metal
which I think provided thrust by the the Bfield
Brown effect. It did. Yeah, I think so. I mean
I don't know what else could have made it fly.
Do you have this thing? Um not anymore. It got
stolen. Got stolen. Yeah. Who stole it? My family,
if you can believe that. Oh, man. I'm sorry. Yeah,
that's horrible. Yeah. Um why they they took it?
Yeah, I I still do have uh some other alien stuff,
but um um but um yeah, I I can't find it anymore.
I have reason to believe it was with in some
stuff that they stole. Jesus Christ, man. I'm so
sorry. That's messed up. It's not cool. No. Do you
have is it how does your family view I mean your
your wife is here. She's absolutely lovely and I
can tell she's interested in this topic. Do you
have other family and what do they think of your
interest in all this stuff? Uh well, my ex-wife
is a um Christian fundamentalist or says she is
because of her her family's uh convictions and um
uh she's uh I think convinced my kids that um
that I'm uh of the devil or something along
those lines. Jesus, I'm sorry. And my mother is
kind of unstable and also is uh kind of turned my
kids against me as well. Um, she's she's afraid
I'll embarrass her by going on on the air or
putting stuff on the internet, things like that.
Well, I'm sorry, man. I think your brain is a gift
to humanity. So, uh, and so we don't know where
this object is that was taken from you. Uh, no,
I don't know. Damn, that's crazy. And then what
about the um the piece from uh St. Augustine crash
in New Mexico? I still have I still have some
of that. That's fascinating. And have you done
you've done isotopic analysis on that and that
has isotope ratios that are weird or the isotopic
ratios on on that uh were not that remarkable. Um
uh so that material may have may have come from
earth. You may have some manufacturing facilities
on earth too. Um what uh material is it? Like what
element? Uh it's mainly aluminum. Okay. Okay.
Um the the sphere was a titanium alloy that with
carbon tubes built into the metal and small like
half millimeter voids introduced into the metal
to lower the density. So it had uh tremendous
strength. Um and was stronger than most any
titanium alloy I know of. Um but it was about
the same density as aluminum. And when you say
Biffield Brown, you're just assuming that that's
the anti-gravitational force created. You could
make capacitors out of the um the carbon nanot
tubes. The carbon nanot tubes had a capacitive
dialectric coating on them in this case. So it
seems a reasonable assumption. So interesting.
And you could use that spherical shape um as a
receiver for scalar energy. Tesla was trying to
do that to power flying vehicles. Did he have
designs for flying? I know he had I think he
actually I think he actually flew some rumor has
it. Really? Yeah. Where are those rumor? I didn't
know about that. That's amazing. Oh, um just
there's um a book called Lost Silence. I believe
it's in there. It's hard to get a hold of now. Do
you have any footage of the implant being taken
out of any of these patients? Um I'm not sure if
I I'm I may I may have like one or two uh pieces
like that. I definitely have a lot of photos and
stuff like that. It'd be amazing to show as much
as we can just cuz I think uh the average person,
this is so far out. Um, yeah. I mean, it's it's
way people don't believe it because it's it's so
far uh outside what we're taught. Yeah. And um
uh the government's done their best to um punish
people that believe in this in various ways. Yeah.
I I feel like I have to ask this question, but I
feel like it's important for you uh cuz you seem
like a very lovely person. I've really enjoyed
this conversation. If you Google your name, uh,
for whatever reason, this OKC bombing thing shows
up. And so, I just want to give you an opportunity
to address what that is. A massive car bomb
exploded outside of a large federal building in
downtown Oklahoma City, shattering that building,
killing children, killing federal employees,
military men, and civilians. Oh, yeah. Well, I got
I got in trouble with the feds uh 30 years ago on
um a uh gun charge, weapons charge, and um uh I uh
got uh investigated along with 14,000 other people
that were uh into similar things at that time. And
um they um as near as I can figure, the ATF was
trying to punish me for not cooperating in their
investigation by trying to link me to that that
bombing. Oh, they were just trying to link you
to that. Yeah, they didn't. And you didn't you
never knew Timothy McVey or anything? No, they
never read any proof of any of that. That's so
weird. In fact, I found out from a guy that was
writing a that's writing a book on Oklahoma City
that I was cleared early on in the investigation,
but they kept on saying that on the news that
uh that sucks, man. It almost makes me think
there's some sort of campaign against you
because like why is there so much online that's I
think there is. I think I think they're trying I
think they're they're taking full advantage
of that whole thing to try to discredit my
UFO research now. Yeah. And you never cross paths
with McVey at all. You never even met the guy. No,
I met never met the guy. That's so crazy. And he
he didn't have a UCLA connection or anything like
that. No. Okay. No. That's weird, man. I'm sorry.
Um Well, I you know, if I wrote down everything
that's occurred in my life in an autobiography,
I don't think anybody believe it. Yeah. You know,
but I experienced it. So, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I
mean, what what's anything come to mind? Well,
just all all this stuff and you know, first they
try to link me to this Oklahoma thing and then the
aliens show up and just a very um very odd series
of events. Yeah. And is there is there anything
about your is there anything about your father
his history that might be related to so you said
at the end of his life you sort of admitted that
he was you know um uh maybe you know was taken
up on a craft. Do you think he was doing any sort
of covert work in any of these areas or I I'm not
sure. I I don't think he was doing any covert work
but um he was he was he kept things pretty close
to his chest. So, um I think if he was I'd be the
last person he would have told. Interesting. Okay.
Yeah. I don't know what would have even been going
on at Oxenard specifically, but yeah. Yeah. Well,
there's a there's a um military base there that
near there that was very important at one time.
Point Magcoo. Okay. Point McU. What did they do at
Point Moo? Uh tested a lot of missiles. Um Okay.
Uh submarine launch missiles and air-to-air
missiles mostly. Okay. It's fascinating,
man. Well, I really hope you get all the support
uh for your work. You're trying to raise money
for this this this company. Is that right? Neutron
Star Nanotech. The economy being so bad right now.
I haven't had a whole lot of success, but um I'm
still hoping to um get that off the ground. Well,
hopefully this gets amplified among people
with deep pockets who are interested,
I think, in supporting, you know, some of the most
frontier science and work. Oh. Um, uh, uh, very,
uh, wealthy people have come forward a a couple
of times and, uh, wanted to support my work, but
it it fell through and I I had reason to believe
at the time that that, uh, the government told him
not to do it. Really? Yeah. Robert Bigalow was
going to hire me for his company at one time,
too, and that also fell through. What? Why do you
strange? What do you think it is? you know, with
Bigalow and a lot of these guys, it's like there's
this desire to get into this stuff and you really
want to know and then things get like dark at a
certain point. Like it's it's it's sort of it's
it's a very and I find this, you know, uh with my
own inquiries into the topic where like it's just
uh it's hard to navigate because there's a lot of
weird stuff, you know, it's there's a lot there
a lot of bad there's a lot of bad energy and then
there's there's good energy, too. They're amazing
people in this field, but a lot of people are
attracted to it for the wrong reasons. And there's
I think there's even like a like an Old Testament
line about trying to use trying to go into, you
know, kind of sacred stuff using with a commercial
impulse and not being like this really, you know,
bad thing to do. Having said that, I think we
live in a capitalist system and like the only
thing that kind of works in the modern day is like
start a company around the thing. So I'm not like
anti- all companies, you know, I used to invest
in companies. So it's this weird but it is this
weird thing where I think if if the motivation is
to make money off the thing, it often goes south.
And I I don't know Bigalow. I'd love to interview
him, but my my sense is it sort of didn't pan out
maybe in the way he wanted it to. Well, Dr. told
me that that he he started this aerospace company
of his um uh because uh he'd had uh an alien
experience of his own out in the desert and
um that um uh they told him to meet them in space.
Who who said this? This is the aliens told him to
meet to meet them Bigalow. They told Bigalow to
meet them in space. Whoa. Really? Yeah. I think
so. Bigalow had an experience and the aliens said,
"We'll meet you in space." And then from then on,
he like committed his life essentially to looking
into all this stuff. UFO reverse engineering,
hiring the alien implant specialist like really
on the Big Aerospace website, there was a little
alien uh head too. Wow. Kind of like he was
announcing that or that is absolutely wild.
the amount of stories you hear like that like
um I think Agnu Bonsson who uh he headed up the
Institute for Field Physics and um you know uh uh
at North Carolina Chapel Hill and he also funded
Towns and Brown. So he's working on all this crazy
anti-gravity stuff and hosting kind of the top
gravity physicists in the world. Freeman Dyson
Fineman um Peter Bergman all these guys convened
John Wheeler at the Institute of Field Physics
in 1957 for this Chapel Hill conference and he in
his diaries talks about like the space brothers
talking to him and possibly kind of prompting
him to look into this stuff. Towns and Brown had
similar experiences where he he had space brother
experiences that he discusses. So it's like you're
being prompted by the beings to look into what
their tech is or something. They they they talked
to Tesla, too, according to what to his writings.
He said that. Yeah. In Colorado Springs, he
said he communicated with aliens. Did you
um ever have anything like that? I mean, I have
to ask you because you're working on all this
stuff. Did the beings ever say, "Steve, you are
going to dedicate your life to alien research?"
I I don't remember them saying that specifically,
but I've always had um an obsession with um with
uh uh this kind of research and um certain other
things. Um and I think that they do that to a lot
of people because um once you get obsessed with
the topic and you do all this research on it,
if they have a brain implant in you, then they
know it too at that point. So they're they're
getting you to do their research for them.
Yeah. Uh it's like this weird distributed
science model or something where like they just
have they're collecting intel through these
different scientific nodes or something. It's
so trippy. Yeah. Yeah. And we're all we're all
maybe there science experiment. Who knows? Well,
one of the obsessions uh part of the reason I got
into trouble before is one of the obsessions was
with weapons and um I you know it's I think that's
uh kind of characteristic with some uh some people
that are class 2 experiencers. There was one guy
that was most likely a class two experiencer that
um that uh had a bunch of guns in his house and
there was a there was a big to-do over that.
So maybe it's a characteristic. I don't know.
Fascinating. Well, Steve, I really appreciate
this. This was a lot of fun. Uh, I feel like I
could talk to you for hours. I can tell we're
interested in a lot of the same stuff and um,
yeah, I really really appreciate your your
time. Yeah, no problem. My pleasure. Awesome.
Heat.